glomeris workflow-profile — How this machine has been used, over more than one look.

usage: glomeris workflow-profile [show] [--json]
                workflow-profile record [--json]

Safety depends on the subcommand; each is labelled below. The strongest of
them: Writes only Glomeris's own state — never your files.

A single look at this machine cannot honestly say how you usually work.
Running six working trees of one repository today might be this week's shape
or this afternoon's. So `record` takes one bounded observation — how many
working trees each repository has, and whether a lone checkout has moved
branch since the last look — and `show` reports what several observations
together support.

Nothing is claimed from one observation. Until at least three exist the shape
is `unknown` and the confidence is `insufficient`, and the counts behind that
verdict are printed so you can see whether it is thin or merely young. A
baseline that could not be read says so, which is a different thing from one
that holds nothing.

What is stored is counts and opaque local ids. No path, no branch name, no
repository name and no file contents — which is also why two repositories
are never named, only counted. It stays on this machine unless you ask for a
model plan, and then only the counts travel.

None of it is permission. The shape here can order and explain what `detect`
found; a working tree that is dirty, in use, or holds commits that exist
nowhere else stays protected by its own evidence, whatever the baseline says
about how you usually work.

Subcommands
  show [--json]
      Read-only — changes nothing.
      Report the current baseline: its shape, the confidence, and the
      counts behind both. The default when no verb is given.
  record [--json]
      Writes only Glomeris's own state — never your files.
      Take one observation and add it to the baseline. Writes only
      Glomeris's own history file. Declines when the last observation is
      too recent, so repeated runs cannot manufacture a pattern.

Options
  --json
      Print the report as JSON on stdout: the store's state, the shape,
      the confidence, the seven counts behind them, the recording bounds,
      and the note that none of it is permission.

Examples
  glomeris workflow-profile
      What does Glomeris think my workspace layout looks like, and on what basis?
  glomeris workflow-profile record
      Add today's look, so the baseline eventually rests on more than one.

Exit codes
  0   the report was printed. Also when `record` declined because the last
      observation is too recent or the clock moved backwards: the spacing
      rule working is not a failure, and the refusal is part of the
      report.
  1   `record` could not write the history file.
  2   usage error — an unknown verb, or an argument besides `--json`.
  Run `glomeris help exit-codes` for the codes shared by every command.

See also: detect, external-context, llm-plan
