glomeris external-context — What optional remote context may reach the model.

usage: glomeris external-context [--json]

Read-only — changes nothing.

Glomeris can optionally read a pull request's state from GitHub and a work
item's state from Jira, as supporting context for ranking a stale-looking
working tree. Both are off until you configure them, and this command tells
you what is configured and exactly which summarized fields could leave this
machine as a result.

It asks nothing. Answering "what may leave" by leaving is the one shape this
command must not have: you would be making the requests you are trying to
understand, against a service that logs them, before deciding whether you want
that. Everything printed comes from your configuration and from the value
vocabularies the code itself serializes.

The field list is the complete set. A remote state reaches a model as a
bounded token — `merged`, `in_progress`, `none_observed` — with how many
days ago it was read, and with the KIND of failure when a provider could not
answer, because "the provider is rate-limited" and "there is no pull request"
must never arrive as the same value. Nothing else goes: not the repository,
the branch, the issue key, the pull request's number or title, your account,
or any path. The command prints that negative explicitly, because a list of
what travels does not answer "did you send my branch name".

None of this is permission. A merged pull request and a closed ticket are
context for ranking; they cannot make a working tree deletable, and a dirty or
actively-used one stays protected by its own evidence whatever a remote
service says about it.

Options
  --json
      Print the same report as JSON: each provider's configured and usable
      state, the environment variable its credential is read from, the
      endpoint, the one repository host in scope, every field that may be
      sent with its complete value vocabulary, and the explicit list of
      what is never sent. This is what the menu-bar app's privacy preview
      reads. No credential value and no account address appears in it.

Examples
  glomeris external-context
      Is anything configured, and what would leave if it were?
  glomeris external-context --json
      The same answer, for a script or the menu-bar app.

Exit codes
  0   the report was printed. Also when the configuration file is invalid:
      the refusal is part of the report, and every provider is off.
  2   usage error — this command takes no arguments besides `--json`.
  Run `glomeris help exit-codes` for the codes shared by every command.

See also: llm-plan, settings, explain
